NAME
Upstream - A tool to send in logs and troubleshooting data to support personnel.

SYNOPSIS
upstream your-name "Your problem description" [options]

your-name - who the output is from
Your problem description - a short text identifying whats wrong (EG "apt failing to update"). Your problem description must be inside double quotes.
options - which area to collect data for

If no arguments are supplied, Upstream will go in to wizard mode.

OPTIONS

-h, --help Show this help message and exit

One of the following is required.
--network Send all log modules in the network category.
--apt Send all log modules in the apt category.
--pci Send all log modules in the pci category.
--memory Send all log modules in the memory category.
--disk Send all log modules in the disk category.
--cpu Send all log modules in the cpu category.
--kernel Send all log modules in the kernel category.
--video Send all log modules in the video category.
--log=LOG Choose a specific log module to use
Only one --log= may be used per run of Upstream

Optional.
--pastebin=PASTEBIN Specify a pastebin module to use.

PASTEBIN
This is the list of supported pastebin's.
caboose
pastebindotca
pastebindotcom
pastecode
pastesite
rafb
red
ubuntu

LOADABLE MODULES
These are the modules that can be loaded using --log= . Not all these modules may be available on your system.
cpuinfo
daemon
df
dmesg
free
ifconfig
iwconfig
lsmod
lspci
netInterfaces
netstat
pci
ps
sourcelist
uname
vmstat
xorgConf
xorgLog

INBUILT MODULES
stdin - allows Upstream to read from the standard in rather then a specific module
lspci | ./upstream --pastebin=ubuntu


DESCRIPTION
Upstream is a collection of tools that allow users to send in system specific log and troubleshooting data to support personnel.
If you prefer, you can acquire a front-end for Upstream, Canoe (GTK) or Kayak (QT).

Upstream aims to simplify the support cycle and make it more efficient. One of the main problems that support staff face when helping people via IRC or mailing lists is getting user log files across. Often this process is time consuming, and many new users may even be unable to find these logs. Occasionally, users may accidentally paste an entire log file in to an IRC channel, earning them a ban, and confusing them in the process.

EXAMPLES
upstream kgoez "A cat keeps eating my mouse" --video --log=
lspci | ./upstream kgoetz "my computer doesnt work" --pastebin=ubuntu
diff upstream.py upstream.py.fixed |./upstream kgoetz "Patch for upstream bug" --pastebin=pastebindotcom

AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Karl Goetz, with the assistance of others.
Upstream is written by Mahangu Weerasinghe, Ryan Zeigler and Jason Ribeiro with contributions from others.

BUGS
If a module is missing, try filing a bug report with your distribution to include the module or remove its mention from this man page.
If you experience bugs, contact us on IRC at #upstream-dev on irc.freenode.net

COPYRIGHT
Upstream is Free Software. It is released under the terms of the GNU GPL 2.0 or any later version.

More information about Upstream can be found at http://upstreamdev.org 
